
CLASSIFIED LIST contd.
296
 Dyers and Finishers—contd. 
Ripley Edward & Son, Ltd. (West) – The Bradford Dyers’ Association
bley Edward to bell, and waterproofers—stuff and cloth, silk piece
 Ilu.  and  Stores and finishers), Bowling Dye Works, Bradford
dischargers, dyers and the the development Works, Dale, Bradford
r dischargers, as the discussion of the discussion of the discussion of the discussion of the discussion of the discussion.

The discussion of the disc
Royd Works, Keighley
Roya Works, Religino, The British Cotton & Wool Dyers’ Associa.
Robinson Adam & Son, Ltd., can and hank dyers). Albiers Dyers,tion, Ltd.—(cotton warp, cop and hank dyers), Albion Dye Works,tion, Ltd.—(cotton warp, cop ), and Daltan Drewerks, Huddlewer, Huddewerks,tion, Bradford ; and Dalton Dyeworks, Huddersfield
Robinson Bros. (Greenfield), Ltd., Greenfield, Saddléworth
Robinson Bress & Son (and fullers), Smithy Place Mills, Brockholes.
Huddersfield
Robson Isaac & Sons, Ltd. - The British Cotton & Wool Dyers' Associa-tion, Ltd.—(cotton, warp and hank dyers, &c.), Dalton Dye Works.
Huddersfield 
Sagar Henry (1931), Ltd. (indigo and colour dyers, carbonizers, millers and finishers), Mill House Dye Works, Triangle
Schofield H. & Co., Ltd., Cooper Lane Shed, Horton Bank Top, Bradford
Sott & Rhodes Leeds & District Worsted Dyers & Finishers"
Association, Ltd.—(piece), Banksfield Dye Works, Yeadon, Leeds
Seddon H. H. (indigo and fancy color dyer and finisher), Spa Field Dye-works, Lockwood, Huddersfield -Sharp James & M. S. & Co., Ltd. The Bradford Dyers' Association.
r Ltd. (and embossers, beetlers, &c.), Orchard Dye Works, Heck-mondwike ; and at Low Moor, Bradford 
Shaw & Co. (Shipley), Ltd.—The Bradford Dyers' Association, Ltd.—
(and stovers—cloth), Midland Dye Works, Shipley 
Shaw John & Co., Limited The Bradford Dyers' Association, Ltd.-(piece), Lingfield Dye Works, Thornton road, Bradford
Shaw Norman & Co. (and shrinkers), Spa Field Mills, Upper Elland Elland -Sheard Charles & Sons, Ltd., Carr Dye Works, Birstall, Leeds
Silsden Dyeing Co. (1915), Ltd., Silsden, near Keighley
Smith & Horsfall—The Yorkshire Indigo, Scarlet & Colour Dyers, Ltd.-(cloth and wool dyers), Horbury Dye Works, Horbury, Wakefield
Smith J. & W., Beacon Dye Works, Beacon Hill road, Halifax
Smith T. & Son, Dale Street Mill, Batley Carr
Smith W. & Co., Ltd., Cliffe Mills Dye Works, Bruntcliffe, Morley
Smithson & Gledhill (wool, cotton and piece dyers), Branch Dyeworks, Ravensthorpe, Dewsbury
Springwell Dyeing & Finishing Works – Branch of The Yorkshire Indigo
Scarlet & Colour Dyers, Ltd. , Springwell Works, Buslingthorpe,lueeds
Spivey Harry (and carbonizer), Cater Dye Works, Heckmondwike,Stead Edward (cords), Underbank Dye Works, Hebden Bridge
Stephenson T. & Co. (Finishers), Ltd., Bruntcliffe Mills and Dean Hall Mills, Morley, Leeds
Stockbridge Finishing Co., Ltd. – The Bradford Dyers’ Association, Ltd. –
Stockbridge Works, Keighley
Swire Robert & Sons Branch of Carpet Trades, Ltd.-(yarn dyers), Brooklyn  and Wharf Mills, Ravensthorpe, Dewsbury
Taylor Thomas & Sons (Barnsley), Ltd. (finishers, calenderers and beet¬lers), Barnsley
Thompson John, Wensleydale Mills, Batley
Thornton Allen & Sons, Ltd. (cloth), Crossley Mills, Honley, Huddersfield
Thornton, Hannam & Marshall, Ltd.  The Bradford Dyers’ Association
Ltd.—(cloth and stuff—finishers and stovers), Brookfoot Dye Works,Brighouse
Threapleton & Earnshaw—Leeds & District Worsted Dyers & Finishers
Association Ltd. St. Anns' Mills, Kirkstall, Leeds
Tosney John  cop dyer), Alexandra Works, Skipton
Turner  Edwin  The  Yorkshire  Indigo, Scarlet & Colour  Dyers, Ltd.
(piece), Wheatley Dye Works, Wheatley, Halifax
Valley Mills (dyers and finishers), Ltd., Meanwood road, Leeds
Vickermann B. & Sons, Ltd., Thongsbridge Mill, Huddersfield

